2026-02-09.md, before:

`20260209 02:00` - Notte difficile, soffro di insonnia. (Time adjusted to SAST)

`20260209 07:16` - Selfie di famiglia a letto.

`20260209 07:33` - Spotted a mother baboon with a baby outside the hotel.
![Baboon Mom and Baby](images/pixar/2026-02-09-baboon-mom-and-baby.png)

`20260209 07:45` - Family breakfast selfie.
![Family Breakfast](images/pixar/2026-02-09-family-breakfast-pixar.png)

`20260209 08:21` - Waffle breakfast for the boys.

**Originals**
![Alessandro with his waffle](images/real/2026-02-09-ale-waffle.jpg)
![Sebi enjoying his waffle](images/real/2026-02-09-sebi-waffle.jpg)

**Pixar Version**
![Waffle Brothers](images/pixar/2026-02-09-waffle-brothers.png)

`20260209 08:28` - Returning from breakfast, Sebi runs to catch up with Dad in the resort gardens.

**Original**
![Sebi running](images/real/2026-02-09-sebi-running.jpg)

**Pixar Version**
![Sebi running Pixar](images/pixar/2026-02-09-sebi-running-pixar.png)

`20260209 08:31` - Sebi exploring the beautiful resort gardens, with the pool in the background.

**Original**
![Sebi in the garden](images/real/2026-02-09-sebi-garden-paradise.jpg)

**Pixar Version**
![Sebi in the garden Pixar](images/pixar/2026-02-09-sebi-garden-paradise-pixar.png)

`20260209 09:15` - Close encounter with a Blue Wildebeest (Gnu) crossing the path.

**Original**
![Blue Wildebeest](images/real/2026-02-09-gnu-wildebeest.jpg)

**Pixar Version**
![Blue Wildebeest Pixar](images/pixar/2026-02-09-gnu-wildebeest-pixar.png)



`20260209 09:36` - Excitement building at the bus stop, waiting for the shuttle to Sun City / Valley of Waves.

**Original**
![Waiting for the bus](images/real/2026-02-09-sun-city-bus-stop.jpg)

**Pixar Version**
![Waiting for the bus Pixar](images/pixar/2026-02-09-sun-city-bus-stop-pixar.png)


`20260209 09:47` - Walking through the huge mall towards the Valley of Waves.


`20260209 09:49` - Arriving at the entrance of the Valley of Waves. The excitement is palpable on the escalators!

**Original**
![Valley of Waves Entrance](images/real/2026-02-09-valley-of-waves-entrance.jpg)

**Pixar Version**
![Valley of Waves Entrance Pixar](images/pixar/2026-02-09-valley-of-waves-entrance-pixar.png)



`20260209 09:57` - Overview of the wave pool and the massive wooden gates.

**Originals**
![Valley of Waves Overview](images/real/2026-02-09-valley-waves-overlook.jpg)
![Giant Gates](images/real/2026-02-09-valley-giant-gates.jpg)

**Pixar Versions**
![Valley of Waves Overview Pixar](images/pixar/2026-02-09-valley-waves-overlook-pixar.png)
![Giant Gates Pixar](images/pixar/2026-02-09-valley-giant-gates-pixar.png)



`20260209 10:35` - Finally in the water! Family selfie at the Valley of Waves.

**Original**
![Family at the Valley of Waves](images/real/2026-02-09-family-valley-of-waves.jpg)

**Pixar Version**
![Family at the Valley of Waves Pixar](images/pixar/2026-02-09-family-valley-of-waves-pixar.png)



`20260209 12:30` - Posing on the grand Elephant Bridge, the iconic entrance to the Palace of the Lost City.

**Original**
![Elephant Bridge](images/real/2026-02-09-elephant-bridge.jpg)

**Pixar Version**
![Elephant Bridge Pixar](images/pixar/2026-02-09-elephant-bridge-pixar.png)



`20260209 13:02` - Seby waiting for mom and Ale in the middle of the food court outside the pools, under the spectacular jungle ceiling.

**Original**
![Sun City Mall](images/real/2026-02-09-sun-city-mall.jpg)

**Pixar Version**
![Sun City Mall Pixar](images/pixar/2026-02-09-sun-city-mall-pixar.png)



`20260209 14:17` - Exploring the Maze of the Lost City after lunch.

**Original**
![The Maze](images/real/2026-02-09-maze-of-the-lost-city.jpg)

**Pixar Version**
![The Maze Pixar](images/pixar/2026-02-09-maze-of-the-lost-city-pixar.png)



`20260209 14:35` - Ice cream reward after conquering the maze.

**Original**
![Ice Cream Time](images/real/2026-02-09-cadbury-ice-cream.jpg)

**Pixar Version**
![Ice Cream Time Pixar](images/pixar/2026-02-09-cadbury-ice-cream-pixar.png)



`20260209 17:07` - Chilling at the Monkey Fountain, with the ruined gates in the background.

**Original**
![Monkey Fountain](images/real/2026-02-09-monkey-fountain.jpg)

**Pixar Version**
![Monkey Fountain Pixar](images/pixar/2026-02-09-monkey-fountain-pixar.png)


`20260209 17:08` - And we're exiting! A great day at Sun City comes to an end.


`20260209 17:49` - An incredible shot of a yawning hippo at Kubu Dam (Bakubung).

**Original**
![Yawning Hippo](images/real/2026-02-09-yawning-hippo.jpg)

**Pixar Version**
![Yawning Hippo Pixar](images/pixar/2026-02-09-yawning-hippo-pixar.png)



`20260209 17:51` - Entering the park from the Bakubung Gate, as shown on the map.

**Map**
![Bakubung Gate Map](images/real/2026-02-09-bakubung-gate-map.jpg)



`20260209 19:00` - Entering Pilanesberg National Park again, this time via the Bakubung Gate.

**Original**
![Bakubung Gate Sign](images/real/2026-02-09-bakubung-gate-sign.jpg)

**Pixar Version**
![Bakubung Gate Sign Pixar](images/pixar/2026-02-09-bakubung-gate-sign-pixar.png)



`20260209 19:53` - A happy family dinner to conclude an amazing day.

**Original**
![Family Dinner](images/real/2026-02-09-family-dinner.jpg)

**Pixar Version**
![Family Dinner Pixar](images/pixar/2026-02-09-family-dinner-pixar.png)

Commit message:

Docs(Journal): Add context about last dinner at Kwa Maritane

2026-02-09.md, after:

`20260209 02:00` - Notte difficile, soffro di insonnia. (Time adjusted to SAST)

`20260209 07:16` - Selfie di famiglia a letto.

`20260209 07:33` - Spotted a mother baboon with a baby outside the hotel.
![Baboon Mom and Baby](images/pixar/2026-02-09-baboon-mom-and-baby.png)

`20260209 07:45` - Family breakfast selfie.
![Family Breakfast](images/pixar/2026-02-09-family-breakfast-pixar.png)

`20260209 08:21` - Waffle breakfast for the boys.

**Originals**
![Alessandro with his waffle](images/real/2026-02-09-ale-waffle.jpg)
![Sebi enjoying his waffle](images/real/2026-02-09-sebi-waffle.jpg)

**Pixar Version**
![Waffle Brothers](images/pixar/2026-02-09-waffle-brothers.png)

`20260209 08:28` - Returning from breakfast, Sebi runs to catch up with Dad in the resort gardens.

**Original**
![Sebi running](images/real/2026-02-09-sebi-running.jpg)

**Pixar Version**
![Sebi running Pixar](images/pixar/2026-02-09-sebi-running-pixar.png)

`20260209 08:31` - Sebi exploring the beautiful resort gardens, with the pool in the background.

**Original**
![Sebi in the garden](images/real/2026-02-09-sebi-garden-paradise.jpg)

**Pixar Version**
![Sebi in the garden Pixar](images/pixar/2026-02-09-sebi-garden-paradise-pixar.png)

`20260209 09:15` - Close encounter with a Blue Wildebeest (Gnu) crossing the path.

**Original**
![Blue Wildebeest](images/real/2026-02-09-gnu-wildebeest.jpg)

**Pixar Version**
![Blue Wildebeest Pixar](images/pixar/2026-02-09-gnu-wildebeest-pixar.png)



`20260209 09:36` - Excitement building at the bus stop, waiting for the shuttle to Sun City / Valley of Waves.

**Original**
![Waiting for the bus](images/real/2026-02-09-sun-city-bus-stop.jpg)

**Pixar Version**
![Waiting for the bus Pixar](images/pixar/2026-02-09-sun-city-bus-stop-pixar.png)


`20260209 09:47` - Walking through the huge mall towards the Valley of Waves.


`20260209 09:49` - Arriving at the entrance of the Valley of Waves. The excitement is palpable on the escalators!

**Original**
![Valley of Waves Entrance](images/real/2026-02-09-valley-of-waves-entrance.jpg)

**Pixar Version**
![Valley of Waves Entrance Pixar](images/pixar/2026-02-09-valley-of-waves-entrance-pixar.png)



`20260209 09:57` - Overview of the wave pool and the massive wooden gates.

**Originals**
![Valley of Waves Overview](images/real/2026-02-09-valley-waves-overlook.jpg)
![Giant Gates](images/real/2026-02-09-valley-giant-gates.jpg)

**Pixar Versions**
![Valley of Waves Overview Pixar](images/pixar/2026-02-09-valley-waves-overlook-pixar.png)
![Giant Gates Pixar](images/pixar/2026-02-09-valley-giant-gates-pixar.png)



`20260209 10:35` - Finally in the water! Family selfie at the Valley of Waves.

**Original**
![Family at the Valley of Waves](images/real/2026-02-09-family-valley-of-waves.jpg)

**Pixar Version**
![Family at the Valley of Waves Pixar](images/pixar/2026-02-09-family-valley-of-waves-pixar.png)



`20260209 12:30` - Posing on the grand Elephant Bridge, the iconic entrance to the Palace of the Lost City.

**Original**
![Elephant Bridge](images/real/2026-02-09-elephant-bridge.jpg)

**Pixar Version**
![Elephant Bridge Pixar](images/pixar/2026-02-09-elephant-bridge-pixar.png)



`20260209 13:02` - Seby waiting for mom and Ale in the middle of the food court outside the pools, under the spectacular jungle ceiling.

**Original**
![Sun City Mall](images/real/2026-02-09-sun-city-mall.jpg)

**Pixar Version**
![Sun City Mall Pixar](images/pixar/2026-02-09-sun-city-mall-pixar.png)



`20260209 14:17` - Exploring the Maze of the Lost City after lunch.

**Original**
![The Maze](images/real/2026-02-09-maze-of-the-lost-city.jpg)

**Pixar Version**
![The Maze Pixar](images/pixar/2026-02-09-maze-of-the-lost-city-pixar.png)



`20260209 14:35` - Ice cream reward after conquering the maze.

**Original**
![Ice Cream Time](images/real/2026-02-09-cadbury-ice-cream.jpg)

**Pixar Version**
![Ice Cream Time Pixar](images/pixar/2026-02-09-cadbury-ice-cream-pixar.png)



`20260209 17:07` - Chilling at the Monkey Fountain, with the ruined gates in the background.

**Original**
![Monkey Fountain](images/real/2026-02-09-monkey-fountain.jpg)

**Pixar Version**
![Monkey Fountain Pixar](images/pixar/2026-02-09-monkey-fountain-pixar.png)


`20260209 17:08` - And we're exiting! A great day at Sun City comes to an end.


`20260209 17:49` - An incredible shot of a yawning hippo at Kubu Dam (Bakubung).

**Original**
![Yawning Hippo](images/real/2026-02-09-yawning-hippo.jpg)

**Pixar Version**
![Yawning Hippo Pixar](images/pixar/2026-02-09-yawning-hippo-pixar.png)



`20260209 17:51` - Entering the park from the Bakubung Gate, as shown on the map.

**Map**
![Bakubung Gate Map](images/real/2026-02-09-bakubung-gate-map.jpg)



`20260209 19:00` - Entering Pilanesberg National Park again, this time via the Bakubung Gate.

**Original**
![Bakubung Gate Sign](images/real/2026-02-09-bakubung-gate-sign.jpg)

**Pixar Version**
![Bakubung Gate Sign Pixar](images/pixar/2026-02-09-bakubung-gate-sign-pixar.png)



`20260209 19:53` - The last family dinner at Kwa Maritane to conclude an amazing day.

**Original**
![Family Dinner](images/real/2026-02-09-family-dinner.jpg)

**Pixar Version**
![Family Dinner Pixar](images/pixar/2026-02-09-family-dinner-pixar.png)
