SouthAfrica.md, before:

# 🇿🇦 South Africa Diary

## Friday, February 6, 2026: Arrivo a Johannesburg e primo safari

We finally arrived in Johannesburg! 🛬

### Arrival
The trip started with a smooth landing around **10:30**. Here is our arrival photo at the airport!

![Family Arrival at Airport](images/real/riccardo_family_airport_v2.png)
*(Also: [Alternative Shot](images/real/riccardo_family_airport.png) | [Pixar Version](images/pixar/pixar_family_joburg_arrival.png))*

By **11:00**, we picked up our rental car — absolutely beautiful! — and headed out towards the Pilanesberg.

![Arrival Scene](images/pixar/2026-02-06-09-50-joburg-arrival.png)
![Plane Cartoon](images/pixar/2026-02-06-09-52-joburg-plane-cartoon.png)
![Taxi Cartoon](images/pixar/2026-02-06-13-12-joburg-taxi-cartoon.png)

### Kwa Maritane & Pancakes (15:00)
We arrived at the **Kwa Maritane Bush Lodge** around **15:00**. The welcome was fantastic: they made us delicious **fresh pancakes** right at the reception! Sebi approved. 🥞😋

*(Photo of pancakes incoming...)*

### Quick Dip in the Pool (15:45 - 16:15)
While mom was freshening up, we sneaked in a quick swim in the **heated pool** with Ale and Sebi. There was a slide, but the boys reported it was "very slow" and not particularly thrilling. 🐢💦

![Pool Time (Real)](images/real/2026-02-06-pool-real.jpg)

But in our imagination (and Lobby's render), that slide was EPIC!
![Pool Fun (Pixar)](images/pixar/2026-02-06-pool-slide-pixar.png)

### Afternoon Safari (16:30 - 19:30)
After settling in and enjoying the pancakes, we couldn't wait. We went on our first game drive in the afternoon.

**Spotted:**
- 1 Gnu (Wildebeest) 🐃
- 3 Wildebeest or Steenbok 🦌
- 2 Leopard Tortoises (Tartarughe) 🐢
- 5 Zebras 🦓
- 1 Kudu 🦌
- 1 Steenbok 🦌
- Bachelor Impala herd 🦌
- 1 Guinea Fowl 🦃
- 1 Chameleon 🦎
- 4 Scrub Hares ("cousins of rabbit") 🐇
- Rhinos 🦏

**Still looking for:**
- ❌ Lions 🦁
- ❌ Giraffes 🦒
- ❌ Elephants 🐘

But we can't wait! The excitement is real.

![Safari Drive](images/pixar/2026-02-06-13-13-pilanesberg-safari-drive.png)

### The Animals (Real & Reimagined)
We saw some incredible wildlife. Lobby (our AI friend) helped us reimagine these moments with a bit of Pixar magic.

#### Zebras
Sebi and Ale were amazed by the zebras crossing right in front of us.

![Sebi Zebra Crossing](images/pixar/2026-02-06-19-37-sebi-zebra-crossing.png)
![Boys & Real Zebra](images/pixar/2026-02-06-19-39-boys-zebra-real.png)

Ale wanted a special memory with the zebra, so here is the "Pixar" version where they are best friends:
![Ale & Zebra (Pixar)](images/pixar/2026-02-07-ale-zebra-pixar.png)

#### Rhinos
The rhinos were majestic.

![Rhino Cartoon](images/pixar/2026-02-06-20-29-rhino-cartoon.png)
![Boys & Rhinos Cartoon](images/pixar/2026-02-06-20-29-boys-rhinos-cartoon.png)

Lobby created a masterpiece of the rhinos crossing at sunset:
![Rhinos Crossing (Pixar)](images/pixar/2026-02-07-rhinos-crossing-pixar.png)

And a special dream shot for Sebi, cuddling his new friend:
![Sebi Cuddling Rhino](images/pixar/2026-02-07-sebi-cuddling-rhino-pixar.png)

## Saturday, February 7, 2026: Cazzeggio al Kwa Maritane Bush Lodge e secondo safari

Today is about relaxing at the **Kwa Maritane Bush Lodge** and preparing for our second safari later!

### Morning Fun: Baby Chess ♟️ (11:10)
We found a giant chessboard in the garden! The boys immediately challenged each other to a game of "Baby Chess".

![Giant Chess (Real)](images/real/2026-02-07-giant-chess-real.jpg)
![Giant Chess (Pixar)](images/pixar/2026-02-07-giant-chess-pixar.png)

### The "Hide" 🕵️‍♂️ (10:02)
We also discovered a mysterious entrance labeled **"Hide"**. We ventured down into the tunnel... it was like a secret bunker!

![The Hide Entrance (Real)](images/real/2026-02-07-family-hide-real.jpg)
![The Secret Tunnel (Pixar)](images/pixar/2026-02-07-family-hide-pixar.png)

The tunnel itself was long and mysterious...
![The Tunnel (Real)](images/real/2026-02-07-tunnel-real.jpg)
![The Tunnel (Pixar)](images/pixar/2026-02-07-tunnel-pixar.png)

Inside, there was a small viewing slit (about 20cm high) looking out onto a small pond and the forest. We waited breathlessly for animals to appear...
But alas, **buco nell'acqua** (a hole in the water)! No animals showed up this time. Still, a cool hiding spot. 🤷‍♂️

### 🦷 Milestone: The First "African" Tooth! (11:45)
Big news! **Alessandro lost his first "African" tooth!** 🦷🇿🇦
He proudly showed it off by the pool. The Tooth Fairy (or perhaps the "Safari Tooth Lion"?) will have to find him all the way down here!

![Ale's Tooth (Real)](images/real/2026-02-07-ale-tooth-real.jpg)
![Ale's Tooth (Pixar)](images/pixar/2026-02-07-ale-tooth-pixar.png)
![Ale meets the SA Tooth Fairy](images/pixar/2026-02-07-ale-sa-tooth-fairy-v2.png)

### Afternoon Relax & Baboons (13:25)
Finished a relaxing massage, then lunch with Alessandro and Sebi.
Surprise outside the room: a group of curious baboons paid us a visit!

![Baboons Real](images/real/baboons.jpg)
![Baboons Pixar](images/pixar/baboons.png)

### Poolside chill (13:28)
Relaxing by the pool while waiting for the massage.

![Riccardo Pool Real](images/real/riccardo-pool.jpg)
![Riccardo Pool Pixar](images/pixar/riccardo-pool.png)

### 🐵 Baboon Raid! (14:16)
More baboons spotted right outside the room! They are definitely looking for snacks.

![Baboons Real 2](images/real/baboons-2.jpg)
![Baboons Pixar 2](images/pixar/baboons-2.png)

### 💦 Afternoon Pool Fun (14:22)
The boys enjoying the pool slide one last time before the afternoon safari.

![Kids Pool Fun (Real)](images/real/kids-pool.jpg)
![Kids Pool Fun (Pixar)](images/pixar/kids-pool.png)
<video src="images/real/pool-slide-video.mp4" controls width="300"></video>

### 🔜 Next Stop: The Last Safari!
We are getting ready to leave in about an hour for our **last safari** here at Pilanesberg. Fingers crossed for Lions and Elephants! 🤞🦁🐘

Commit message:

Add close-up zebra photo from yesterday

SouthAfrica.md, after:

# 🇿🇦 South Africa Diary

## Friday, February 6, 2026: Arrivo a Johannesburg e primo safari

We finally arrived in Johannesburg! 🛬

### Arrival
The trip started with a smooth landing around **10:30**. Here is our arrival photo at the airport!

![Family Arrival at Airport](images/real/riccardo_family_airport_v2.png)
*(Also: [Alternative Shot](images/real/riccardo_family_airport.png) | [Pixar Version](images/pixar/pixar_family_joburg_arrival.png))*

By **11:00**, we picked up our rental car — absolutely beautiful! — and headed out towards the Pilanesberg.

![Arrival Scene](images/pixar/2026-02-06-09-50-joburg-arrival.png)
![Plane Cartoon](images/pixar/2026-02-06-09-52-joburg-plane-cartoon.png)
![Taxi Cartoon](images/pixar/2026-02-06-13-12-joburg-taxi-cartoon.png)

### Kwa Maritane & Pancakes (15:00)
We arrived at the **Kwa Maritane Bush Lodge** around **15:00**. The welcome was fantastic: they made us delicious **fresh pancakes** right at the reception! Sebi approved. 🥞😋

*(Photo of pancakes incoming...)*

### Quick Dip in the Pool (15:45 - 16:15)
While mom was freshening up, we sneaked in a quick swim in the **heated pool** with Ale and Sebi. There was a slide, but the boys reported it was "very slow" and not particularly thrilling. 🐢💦

![Pool Time (Real)](images/real/2026-02-06-pool-real.jpg)

But in our imagination (and Lobby's render), that slide was EPIC!
![Pool Fun (Pixar)](images/pixar/2026-02-06-pool-slide-pixar.png)

### Afternoon Safari (16:30 - 19:30)
After settling in and enjoying the pancakes, we couldn't wait. We went on our first game drive in the afternoon.

**Spotted:**
- 1 Gnu (Wildebeest) 🐃
- 3 Wildebeest or Steenbok 🦌
- 2 Leopard Tortoises (Tartarughe) 🐢
- 5 Zebras 🦓
- 1 Kudu 🦌
- 1 Steenbok 🦌
- Bachelor Impala herd 🦌
- 1 Guinea Fowl 🦃
- 1 Chameleon 🦎
- 4 Scrub Hares ("cousins of rabbit") 🐇
- Rhinos 🦏

**Still looking for:**
- ❌ Lions 🦁
- ❌ Giraffes 🦒
- ❌ Elephants 🐘

But we can't wait! The excitement is real.

![Safari Drive](images/pixar/2026-02-06-13-13-pilanesberg-safari-drive.png)

### The Animals (Real & Reimagined)
We saw some incredible wildlife. Lobby (our AI friend) helped us reimagine these moments with a bit of Pixar magic.

#### Zebras
Sebi and Ale were amazed by the zebras crossing right in front of us.

![Sebi Zebra Crossing](images/pixar/2026-02-06-19-37-sebi-zebra-crossing.png)
![Boys & Real Zebra](images/pixar/2026-02-06-19-39-boys-zebra-real.png)

#### 🦓 Close-up Zebra
Grazing right by the road.

![Zebra Real](images/real/zebra-yesterday.jpg)
![Zebra Pixar](images/pixar/zebra-yesterday.png)

Ale wanted a special memory with the zebra, so here is the "Pixar" version where they are best friends:
![Ale & Zebra (Pixar)](images/pixar/2026-02-07-ale-zebra-pixar.png)

#### Rhinos
The rhinos were majestic.

![Rhino Cartoon](images/pixar/2026-02-06-20-29-rhino-cartoon.png)
![Boys & Rhinos Cartoon](images/pixar/2026-02-06-20-29-boys-rhinos-cartoon.png)

Lobby created a masterpiece of the rhinos crossing at sunset:
![Rhinos Crossing (Pixar)](images/pixar/2026-02-07-rhinos-crossing-pixar.png)

And a special dream shot for Sebi, cuddling his new friend:
![Sebi Cuddling Rhino](images/pixar/2026-02-07-sebi-cuddling-rhino-pixar.png)

## Saturday, February 7, 2026: Cazzeggio al Kwa Maritane Bush Lodge e secondo safari

Today is about relaxing at the **Kwa Maritane Bush Lodge** and preparing for our second safari later!

### Morning Fun: Baby Chess ♟️ (11:10)
We found a giant chessboard in the garden! The boys immediately challenged each other to a game of "Baby Chess".

![Giant Chess (Real)](images/real/2026-02-07-giant-chess-real.jpg)
![Giant Chess (Pixar)](images/pixar/2026-02-07-giant-chess-pixar.png)

### The "Hide" 🕵️‍♂️ (10:02)
We also discovered a mysterious entrance labeled **"Hide"**. We ventured down into the tunnel... it was like a secret bunker!

![The Hide Entrance (Real)](images/real/2026-02-07-family-hide-real.jpg)
![The Secret Tunnel (Pixar)](images/pixar/2026-02-07-family-hide-pixar.png)

The tunnel itself was long and mysterious...
![The Tunnel (Real)](images/real/2026-02-07-tunnel-real.jpg)
![The Tunnel (Pixar)](images/pixar/2026-02-07-tunnel-pixar.png)

Inside, there was a small viewing slit (about 20cm high) looking out onto a small pond and the forest. We waited breathlessly for animals to appear...
But alas, **buco nell'acqua** (a hole in the water)! No animals showed up this time. Still, a cool hiding spot. 🤷‍♂️

### 🦷 Milestone: The First "African" Tooth! (11:45)
Big news! **Alessandro lost his first "African" tooth!** 🦷🇿🇦
He proudly showed it off by the pool. The Tooth Fairy (or perhaps the "Safari Tooth Lion"?) will have to find him all the way down here!

![Ale's Tooth (Real)](images/real/2026-02-07-ale-tooth-real.jpg)
![Ale's Tooth (Pixar)](images/pixar/2026-02-07-ale-tooth-pixar.png)
![Ale meets the SA Tooth Fairy](images/pixar/2026-02-07-ale-sa-tooth-fairy-v2.png)

### Afternoon Relax & Baboons (13:25)
Finished a relaxing massage, then lunch with Alessandro and Sebi.
Surprise outside the room: a group of curious baboons paid us a visit!

![Baboons Real](images/real/baboons.jpg)
![Baboons Pixar](images/pixar/baboons.png)

### Poolside chill (13:28)
Relaxing by the pool while waiting for the massage.

![Riccardo Pool Real](images/real/riccardo-pool.jpg)
![Riccardo Pool Pixar](images/pixar/riccardo-pool.png)

### 🐵 Baboon Raid! (14:16)
More baboons spotted right outside the room! They are definitely looking for snacks.

![Baboons Real 2](images/real/baboons-2.jpg)
![Baboons Pixar 2](images/pixar/baboons-2.png)

### 💦 Afternoon Pool Fun (14:22)
The boys enjoying the pool slide one last time before the afternoon safari.

![Kids Pool Fun (Real)](images/real/kids-pool.jpg)
![Kids Pool Fun (Pixar)](images/pixar/kids-pool.png)
<video src="images/real/pool-slide-video.mp4" controls width="300"></video>

### 🔜 Next Stop: The Last Safari!
We are getting ready to leave in about an hour for our **last safari** here at Pilanesberg. Fingers crossed for Lions and Elephants! 🤞🦁🐘
